API-9694 add survey report (#1058)
livechat/livechat-public-docs: src/pages/data-reporting/changelog/index.mdx

- There's a new method, [**Engagement**](/data-reporting/reports-api/v3.4/#engagement), which shows the distribution of chats based on engagement during the specified period.
- There's a new method, [**Greetings Conversion**](/data-reporting/reports-api/v3.4/#greetings_conversion), which shows the number of greetings sent to the customers and how many of those resulted in a chat or a goal.
- The `agents_chatting_duration` method has been renamed to [**Duration**](/data-reporting/reports-api/v3.4/#duration), which shows the average chat duration and chatting duration for agents.

> - There's a new method, [**Surveys**](/data-reporting/reports-api/v3.4/#surveys), which shows surveys responses during a specified period of time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- There's a new method, [**Surveys**](/data-reporting/reports-api/v3.4/#surveys), which returns responses to the post-chat and pre-chat surveys during a specified period of time.
```
